service/samples: add .dockerignore to samples with local build disruption risk (#1392)
knative/docs: docs/serving/samples/hello-world/helloworld-csharp/README.md

   CMD ["dotnet", "out/helloworld-csharp.dll"]
   ```

> 1. Add a `.dockerignore` file to ensure local builds cannot disrupt container builds.

Reviewer: Why tell folks to add a `.dockerignore` file since you added it already. If they clone the source code they will have the file already there.

Author: We don't tell them to clone the source code, we tell them to assemble the files through CLI scaffolding and copy & paste.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a `.dockerignore` file to ensure that any files related to a local build, do not affect the container that you build for deployment.
```

Can we make this change throughout?

> 1. Create a `.dockerignore` file to ensure that any files related to a local build, do not affect the container that you build for deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a `.dockerignore` file to ensure that any files related to a local build do not affect the container that you build for deployment.
```
